org.htmllayout
==========

HtmlLayout - A superior Java LayoutManager
Copyright (C) 1998 Paul Buchheit

http://braindamage.org/HtmlLayout/

HtmlLayout is a Java LayoutManager that allows you to specify 
the layout and resize behaviors of your components using a 
simple html-like syntax (no need to learn another language). 
HtmlLayout is similar to the GridBadLayout included with the 
JDK except that it is reasonably easy to use.

HtmlLayout is licensed under the terms of the LGPL, see the
included file "LICENSE".

HtmlLayout DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, see
sections 15 and 16 of the included LGPL.

HtmlLayout is very easy to use, look in "Sample.java" for 
a small example. Documentation is in HTML and is found in
the directory "docs". Information is also available at
http://braindamage.org/HtmlLayout/

If your are interested in receiving future HtmlLayout
announcements please send an email to: 
org.htmllayout-announce@braindamage.org with "ADD <myemail>"
as the Subject line (as in "ADD paul@braindamage.org").

Feedback, bug fixes, and contributions are welcomed, please
direct them to paul@braindamage.org. I would, however, like 
to retain control over HtmlLayout. I can not claim to 
completely understand the LGPL or all of its legal 
ramifications and do not want to trap myself. As such, all 
contributions and their associated copywrites become the 
property Paul Buchheit. However, I will gladly credit you by
name in the code and the documentation. Please let me know
if this is a problem for you.

I hope that you find HtmlLayout to be a useful tool.
